---
layout: post
title:  "Introduction to the Digital Humanities "
date:   "2022-09-21"
categories: jekyll update
---
## Chapter 1-2 ##

In Chapter 1, the author tries to help readers to first understand what digital humanities is and its relationship to classical humanity studies. The book defines humanities as the study of understanding human thoughts and cultures via analyzing artifacts, such as literature and art. In the study of digital humanities, we used various newly developed digital technology and methods; thus, it is essential to consider how those new methods influence the research area and the definition of digital humanities research. We also need to question whether digital humanities draw scholar’s attention away from the traditional framework of the study.  

The emergence of digital humanities is comparable with the influence of previous historical changes on humanities.  The first important change to humanities happened under the influence of Petrarch, who viewed the world as decadent and corrupt. People started to look back at the ancient world for solace and revived the study of writers such as Cicero and Augustine. To study ancient texts, people during the Middle Ages began to have a clearer understanding of human ourselves. People during that period were trained to decipher classics. Their goal was to interpret humans with historical written evidence. By the end of renaissance, humanism became the indicator of higher education. In the late nineteen century, the rise of scientific research and methodology encouraged strict specialization of traditional humanists into various disciplines. With the rise of standardized and commercial university systems, the study of humanities has now become the way in which humans express themselves. According to the author the development of technology helps enlighten research in humanities from new perspectives is much like the change of humanities in Renaissance period. Therefore, while the influence of digital humanities on humanities studies is unprecedented, it shares similarity with previous changes in this field.  

In Chapter 2, the author tries to argue the uniqueness of humanities related research compared to other scientific disciplines and identified special problems in digital humanities. From the reading, humanities differ from social science and other kinds of natural science in terms of evidence organization. In natural science evidence, for example, evidence is measured in metric and statistical methods. But evidence in humanities is different in areas such as architecture and arts. Humanities study how artifacts are related to each other to find differences and discover similarities between evidence. We need to understand the historical background of evidence.  

While digitalization of texts helped with textual analysis, flaws in digitalization are also obvious. Drawbacks from previous research methods is the possibility of spending lifetime on a particular study but only understood a fraction of ancient time. Digitalization greatly relieved this problem. Nevertheless, Digitizing material alienated author from their work, and they are projecting their thought onto the digital format, according to the reading. However, I doubt the author’s statement here and question how does digital conversion change the understanding of the material specifically?  

Suppose there are alienations between authors and their projects exists, it is necessary to point out where such alienation process occurs. I do not think alienation happens at the moment when the producer produces their work. Asking a writer to type their work in a digital form is the same as asking them to write on paper by hand, and such a process should not cause alienation because in both cases, the writer is expressing his idea in a written form. Similarly, asking musicians to compose on computer or to play on the electronic organ is the same as playing the piano. Using different media should not cause alienation between producers and their products if they are comfortable expressing themselves with that media. Suppose alienation happens later in the analyzing form, that is the cost we must pay for convenience in digitizing and to be informative. 

The other issue mentioned in the chapter is the preservation issue, which I do not think we should digital humanities on this issue. Preservation issues happen because of the lack of maintenance on digital library and lead to loss of information. This issue happens because of technical issues, which should not be attributed to flaws in digitalization. Things are hard to do does not mean they are wrong.  